Please look through the app to tell me if all of the following is true. If there are any other features that the app has that I am missing, please give them to me here in the chat. VisioSquad is an app that brings clubs together. It is a one stop shop for scheduling, waivers, contracts, payment, and communication, but it is so much more. VisioSquad offers club directors the ability to set contract prices and have families sign their contracts through Docuseal (Not sure how we want to word that). They can set practice times by venue and even specific court at that venue if they would like. They can create team rosters, and event rosters and bill families both recurring payments and one time events. Communication can be separated into whole group communication, or even communication with a specific event or group. Parents set up their account first by using their own unique club code that ties them to their club.  Then they create a profile for their athlete under them that ensures that both the parent and the athlete can see their schedule at all times. When a coach adds a training session, the parent or athlete can register for that session and will only see the training sessions for the program or team they are assigned to by the director or coach. For events, the director or coach can set the dates and times for the event and add players to the roster which will also add the parents to the roster behind the scenes. Coaches and Directors can communicate through that specific event and players and parents will receive a push notification when they have new communication. The app has a snack hub where coaches or directors can enable the snack hub for an event and the first person to click into the snack hub controls the snacks for the event and can choose the things they would like for people to bring. There is a bulletin board for coaches and directors to post to instead of email for whole program updates and coaches and directors can remove things from that bulletin board.